zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Sidalcea keckii
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Fritillaria striata
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Atriplex cordulata
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Atriplex coronata
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Atriplex depressa
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Atriplex minuscula
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Atriplex persistens
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Atriplex subtilis
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Azolla microphylla
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Clarkia exilis
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Delphinium hansenii
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Fritillaria agrestis
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Puccinellia simplex
zips/2025030611/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix_B_Biological_Assessment_OPT.PDF:Senecio aphanactis
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appx_E_BioTechRpt.PDF:species, twoâ€”Panoche pepper-grass (Lepidium jaredii spp. album) and Lost Hills crownscale
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appx_E_BioTechRpt.PDF:(Asclepias spp.), dusty maidens (Chaenactis douglasii),
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Allium howellii var.
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Astragalus rattanii var.
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Atriplex cordulata var.
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Atriplex coronata var.
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Atriplex depressa
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Atriplex minuscula
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Camissonia benitensis
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Chloropyron palmatum
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Deinandra halliana
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Delphinium recurvatum
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Eriogonum heermannii
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Extriplex joaquinana
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Fritillaria falcata
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Fritillaria viridea
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Hordeum intercedens
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Lagophylla diabolensis
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Lasthenia chrysantha
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Layia discoidea
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Layia heterotricha
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Layia munzii
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Lepidium jaredii ssp.
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Madia radiata
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Monardella palmeri
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Monolopia congdonii
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Navarretia nigelliformis
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Navarretia panochensis
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Navarretia prostrata
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Phacelia phacelioides
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Sagittaria sanfordii
zips/2025030618/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Manning_Draft MND.PDF:Senecio aphanactis
