zips/2025060492/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/ONT UT1072 MMRP 5-30-25(FINAL).PDF:Quercus engelmannii (Engelmann Oak), [v] Quercus lobata (Valley
zips/2025060492/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Ontario INITIAL STUDY_06-05-2025Final_OPR.PDF:Pinus torreyana (Torrey Pine),
zips/2025060492/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Ontario INITIAL STUDY_06-05-2025Final_OPR.PDF:Quercus engelmannii (Engelmann Oak),
zips/2025060492/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Ontario INITIAL STUDY_06-05-2025Final_OPR.PDF:[i] Platanus racemosa (California Sycamore), [ii] Pinus torreyana (Torrey Pine), [iii] Quercus agrifolia
zips/2025060492/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Ontario INITIAL STUDY_06-05-2025Final_OPR.PDF:(Coast Live Oak), [iv] Quercus engelmannii (Engelmann Oak), [v] Quercus lobata (Valley Oak), or [vi]
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Allium peninsulare var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Alopecurus aequalis var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Amorpha californica var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Amsinckia lunaris
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Arctostaphylos bakeri ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Astragalus breweri
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Astragalus claranus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Astragalus clevelandii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Astragalus tener var. tener
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Balsamorhiza macrolepis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Blennosperma bakeri
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Brodiaea leptandra
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Calamagrostis ophitidis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Calandrinia breweri
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Calochortus uniflorus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Calycadenia micrantha
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Calystegia collina ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Castilleja ambigua var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Castilleja ambigua var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus confusus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus divergens
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus gloriosus var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus purpureus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus sonomensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Centromadia parryi
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Chorizanthe valida
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Clarkia breweri
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Clarkia gracilis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Collomia diversifolia
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Cordylanthus tenuis ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Delphinium uliginosum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Downingia pusilla
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Erigeron biolettii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Erigeron greenei
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Eryngium constancei
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Eryngium jepsonii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Fritillaria liliacea
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Harmonia nutans
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Hemizonia congesta ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Hesperolinon sharsmithiae flax
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Horkelia tenuiloba
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Iris longipetala
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Hesperolinon bicarpellatum western flax
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lasthenia burkei
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lasthenia conjugens
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lathyrus jepsonii var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:--- --------Leptosiphon jepsonii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lessingia hololeuca
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lilium rubescens
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Limnanthes vinculans
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lomatium repostum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lupinus sericatus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Micropus amphibolus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Monardella viridis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia cotulifolia
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia heterandra
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia leucocephala
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia leucocephala
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia leucocephala
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia rosulata
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Penstemon newberryi var.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Plagiobothrys strictus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Poa napensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Puccinellia simplex
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ranunculus lobbii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sagittaria sanfordii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sidalcea hickmanii ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sidalcea oregana ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sidalcea oregana ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Spergularia macrotheca
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Streptanthus hesperidis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Symphyotrichum lentum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Toxicoscordion fontanum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Trichostema ruygtii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Trifolium amoenum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Triteleia lugens
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Viburnum ellipticum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Allium peninsulare var. franciscanum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Alopecurus aequalis var. sonomensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Amorpha californica var. napensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Amsinckia lunaris
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Arctostaphylos stanfordiana ssp.
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Astragalus claranus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Astragalus tener var. tener
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Balsamorhiza macrolepis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Blennosperma bakeri
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Brodiaea leptandra
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Castilleja ambigua var. meadii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus confusus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus divergens
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus purpureus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Ceanothus sonomensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Downingia pusilla
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Erigeron greenei
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Centromadia parryi ssp. parryi
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Eryngium constancei
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Fritillaria liliacea
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Hemizonia congesta ssp. congesta
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Hesperolinon sharsmithiae
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Horkelia tenuiloba
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Eryngium jepsonii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Extriplex joaquinana
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lasthenia burkei
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lasthenia conjugens
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lathyrus jepsonii var. jepsonii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Layia septentrionalis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Leptosiphon jepsonii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Limnanthes vinculans
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Lupinus sericatus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia leucocephala ssp. bakeri
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia leucocephala ssp. pauciflora
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Plagiobothrys strictus
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Navarretia rosulata
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Penstemon newberryi var. sonomensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Poa napensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Puccinellia simplex
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sagittaria sanfordii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sidalcea hickmanii ssp. napensis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sidalcea oregana ssp. hydrophila
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Sidalcea oregana ssp. valida
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Symphyotrichum lentum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Trichostema ruygtii
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Trifolium amoenum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Spergularia macrotheca var. longistyla
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Streptanthus hesperidis
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Trifolium hydrophilum
zips/2025060497/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Exhibit A - 2021 11 29 - Biologial Resources Report.PDF:Viburnum ellipticum
zips/2025060508/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix B - Biology Study.PDF:(Opuntia basilaris var.
zips/2025060508/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix B - Biology Study.PDF:(Eremothera boothii ssp.
zips/2025060508/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix B - Biology Study.PDF:(Canbya candida)
zips/2025060509/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix B - Biological Technical Report.PDF:(Boechera dispar)
zips/2025060512/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/IS_Signed and Compressed_Grove Basin Project_AS.PDF:Calystegia felix
zips/2025060512/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/IS_Signed and Compressed_Grove Basin Project_AS.PDF:Lepidium virginicum var. robinsonii
zips/2025060512/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/IS_Signed and Compressed_Grove Basin Project_AS.PDF:Sidalcea neomexicana
zips/2025060512/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/IS_Signed and Compressed_Grove Basin Project_AS.PDF:Symphyotrichum defoliatum
zips/2025060513/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/IS_MND_VTTM 7450.PDF:nitratoides nitratoides; TKR), Bakersfield cactus (Opuntia basilaris var. treleasei; BACA), Kern
zips/2025060513/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/IS_MND_VTTM 7450.PDF:mallow (Eremalche parryi ssp. kernensis), and burrowing owl (Athene cunicularia; BUOW). BUOW
