zips/2024121190/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Public Review Draft 12-16-24.PDF:Atriplex coronata crownscale
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Astragalus hornii var. hornii
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Atriplex cordulata var.
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Atriplex tularensis
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Calochortus striatus
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Caulanthus californicus
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Chloropyron molle ssp.
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Delphinium recurvatum
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Eremalche parryi ssp.
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii ssp.
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Hordeum intercedens
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Imperata brevifolia
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Lasthenia glabrata ssp.
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Layia leucopappa
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Monolopia congdonii
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Navarretia setiloba
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Puccinellia simplex
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Stylocline citroleum
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Stylocline masonii
zips/2024121189/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/MESA Bio Report_August 2024.PDF:Tortula californica
