zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Astragalus hornii v ar. hornii
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Atriplex parishii
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Calochortus catalinae
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Calochortus plummerae
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Calochortus weedii var. intermedius
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Calystegia felix
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Camissoniopsis lewisii
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Centromadia parryi ssp. australis
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Atriplex serenana var. davidsonii
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Chloropyron maritimum ssp. maritimum
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Clinopodium mimuloides
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Hordeum intercedens
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Horkelia cuneata var. pube rula
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Nemacaulis denudata var. denudata
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Orcuttia californica
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Phacelia stellaris
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Sagittaria sanfordii
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Nama stenocarpa
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Navarretia prostrata
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Suaeda esteroa
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Symphyotrichum defoliatum
zips/2024121136/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix 4 Central Basin Municipal Water District - Biological Resources Assessment.PDF:Symphyotrichum greatae
