zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:(Tuctoria greenei)
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:(Brodiaea insignis)
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:(Fritillaria striata)
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:(Diplacus pictus)
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:(Atriplex cordulata
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:(Atriplex subtilis)
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Lassics Lupine Lupinus constancei
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Lasthenia chrysantha
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Atriplex depressa
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Puccinellia simplex
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Caulanthus californicus
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Imperata brevifolia
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Lasthenia glabrata ssp. coulteri
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Atriplex cordulata var. erecticaulis
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Tuctoria greenei
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Euphorbia hooveri
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Brodiaea insignis
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Atriplex minuscula
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Delphinium recurvatum
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Pseudobahia peirsonii
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Orcuttia inaequalis
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Sagittaria sanfordii
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Eryngium spinosepalum
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Fritillaria striata
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Atriplex subtilis
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Atriplex persistens
zips/2024100007/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Fagundes Res - Draft Initial Study.PDF:Helianthus winteri
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Allium howellii
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Astragalus hornii
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Azolla microphylla
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Chloropyron molle
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Clarkia exilis
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Delphinium recurvatum
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Eriastrum hooveri
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Eriogonum gossypinum
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Imperata brevifolia
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Lasthenia ferrisiae
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Monolopia congdonii
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Opuntia basilaris
zips/2024100003/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Appendix A - PG&E Bakersfield_BioTech Memo part 1.PDF:Trichostema ovatum
