zips/2024091128/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Perris HE Implementation - Final Draft.PDF:navarretia (Navarretia fossalis), and thread-leaved brodiaea (Brodiaea filifolia). 2 .
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Pseudobahia peirsonii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Opuntia basilaris var. treleasei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriastrum tracyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia peninsularis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia setiloba
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Saltugilia latimeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriogonum kennedyi var. pinicola
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus striatus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus palmeri var. palmeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Muhlenbergia utilis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia peninsularis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Opuntia basilaris var. treleasei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Lasthenia glabrata ssp. coulteri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Viola pinetorum ssp. grisea
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriogonum kennedyi var. pinicola
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Saltugilia latimeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Leptosiphon serrulatus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium howellii var. clokeyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Layia heterotricha
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus palmeri var. palmeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Streptanthus cordatus var. piutensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia setiloba
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Triteleia piutensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Loeflingia squarrosa var. artemisiarum
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Pseudobahia peirsonii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium shevockii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Monardella linoides ssp. oblonga
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii ssp. kernensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriastrum tracyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus striatus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Muhlenbergia utilis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia peninsularis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Lasthenia glabrata ssp. coulteri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Viola pinetorum ssp. grisea
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Astragalus hornii var. hornii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Saltugilia latimeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Leptosiphon serrulatus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium howellii var. clokeyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Layia heterotricha
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus palmeri var. palmeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Triteleia piutensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Loeflingia squarrosa var. artemisiarum
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium shevockii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Monardella linoides ssp. oblonga
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii ssp. kernensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriastrum tracyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium howellii var. clokeyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium howellii var. howellii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium shevockii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Amsinckia douglasiana
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus palmeri var.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Chorizanthe leptotheca
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Claytonia parviflora ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Cordylanthus rigidus ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Delphinium gypsophilum
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Delphinium parryi ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Dudleya abramsii ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriastrum tracyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriogonum kennedyi var.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Erythranthe sierrae
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii ssp. Tejon poppy
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia procera
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Fritillaria brandegeei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Fritillaria pinetorum
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Lasthenia glabrata ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Layia heterotricha
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Microseris sylvatica
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Monardella linoides ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia peninsularis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia setiloba
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Nemacladus secundiflorus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Opuntia basilaris var.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Orthotrichum spjutii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Pentachaeta fragilis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Perideridia pringlei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Pseudobahia peirsonii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Saltugilia latimeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Streptanthus cordatus var.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Syntrichopappus lemmonii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Triteleia piutensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Viola pinetorum
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium howellii var. clokeyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium howellii var. howellii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium shevockii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Amsinckia douglasiana
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Astragalus hornii var. hornii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus palmeri var.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus striatus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calystegia peirsonii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Chorizanthe leptotheca
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Cordylanthus rigidus ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Delphinium parryi ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriastrum tracyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriogonum kennedyi var.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Erythranthe sierrae
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia procera
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Fritillaria brandegeei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Fritillaria pinetorum
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Lasthenia glabrata ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Layia heterotricha
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Monardella linoides ssp.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia peninsularis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia setiloba
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Nemacladus secundiflorus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Orthotrichum spjutii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Perideridia pringlei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Saltugilia latimeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Senecio astephanus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Streptanthus cordatus var.
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Syntrichopappus lemmonii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Triteleia piutensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Viola pinetorum ssp. grisea
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Lasthenia glabrata ssp. coulteri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Layia heterotricha
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Pseudobahia peirsonii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Streptanthus cordatus var. piutensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Opuntia basilaris var. treleasei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Loeflingia squarrosa var. artemisiarum
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Astragalus hornii var. hornii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Monardella linoides ssp. oblonga
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eschscholzia lemmonii ssp. kernensis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Diplacus pictus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriastrum tracyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Leptosiphon serrulatus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia peninsularis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Navarretia setiloba
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Saltugilia latimeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Eriogonum kennedyi var. pinicola
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Viola pinetorum ssp. grisea
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium howellii var. clokeyi
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Allium shevockii
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus striatus
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Fritillaria brandegeei
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Calochortus palmeri var. palmeri
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Muhlenbergia utilis
zips/2024091126/Draft Environmental Document [Draft IS, NOI_NOA_Public notices, OPR Summary Form, Appx,]/Tehachapi Reclaimed Water Project MND_092524_OCR.PDF:Triteleia piutensis
